I should be making a circling sound.
This big business.
I'm going to see what this can do about this drawing.
I bought the house here now and became the owner.
The first thing I do is help you.
Everyone helps you, helps you, helps you
Why do you ask?
Are you calling me a Muslim?
It doesn’t count if you bought a house.
If you don't want to buy it
I must have scratched your legs
You have the strength of Ma Banguo to have an illegitimate daughter
You want to die too
Sorry sir today
I should have been somewhat successful just now
How much sin do you want?
My friend said she was a bitch
Where did you come to me today?
I let him go
Why is this so?
should you be
you can't handle him
I've changed my approach now
I don’t just want to sell my house
Don't sell your boxing department
Let me break up your three fist fights
Take your house away